README.md, before:

# E-COMMERCE-APP: FIVE SALADS
Responsive web application for food purchase and delivery with an option for account registration. 

## Build using:
- HTML
- CSS
- JavaScript
- Java

- Maven
- Spring Boot + Spring Security
- Thymeleaf
- H2 Database

## Details:
### The home page contains navigation bar, salads information sections, shopping cart, payment form, footer:
- navigation bar
![Screenshot](/app/src/main/resources/static/assets/screenshots_for_readme/screenshot_navbar.jpeg)

- salads information
![Screenshot](/app/src/main/resources/static/assets/screenshots_for_readme/screenshot_salad_info.jpg)
![Screenshot](/app/src/main/resources/static/assets/screenshots_for_readme/screenshot_salad_ingredients.jpg)

- shopping car
![Screenshot](/app/src/main/resources/static/assets/screenshots_for_readme/screenshot_shopping_cart.jpg)

- payment form
![Screenshot](/app/src/main/resources/static/assets/screenshots_for_readme/screenshot_payment_form.jpg)

- footer
![Screenshot](/app/src/main/resources/static/assets/screenshots_for_readme/screenshot_footer.jpg)


### Sign up/Sign in page:
- sign in
![Screenshot](/app/src/main/resources/static/assets/screenshots_for_readme/screenshot_sign_in.jpg)

- sign up
![Screenshot](/app/src/main/resources/static/assets/screenshots_for_readme/screenshot_sign_up.jpg)


### Responsive design:
- home page
![Screenshot](/app/src/main/resources/static/assets/screenshots_for_readme/screenshot_responsive_home_page.jpg)

- sign in/up
![Screenshot](/app/src/main/resources/static/assets/screenshots_for_readme/screenshot_responsive_registration_page.jpg)

Commit message:

Readme.md - added Link paragraph

README.md, after:

# E-COMMERCE-APP: FIVE SALADS
Responsive web application for food purchase and delivery with an option for account registration. 

## Link
Link to the web application:
[Link text](https://spring-boot-five-salads.onrender.com/)

## Build using:
- HTML
- CSS
- JavaScript
- Java

- Maven
- Spring Boot + Spring Security
- Thymeleaf
- H2 Database

## Details:
### The home page contains navigation bar, salads information sections, shopping cart, payment form, footer:
- navigation bar <br />
![Screenshot](/app/src/main/resources/static/assets/screenshots_for_readme/screenshot_navbar.jpeg)

- salads information <br />
![Screenshot](/app/src/main/resources/static/assets/screenshots_for_readme/screenshot_salad_info.jpg)
![Screenshot](/app/src/main/resources/static/assets/screenshots_for_readme/screenshot_salad_ingredients.jpg)

- shopping car <br />
![Screenshot](/app/src/main/resources/static/assets/screenshots_for_readme/screenshot_shopping_cart.jpg)

- payment form <br />
![Screenshot](/app/src/main/resources/static/assets/screenshots_for_readme/screenshot_payment_form.jpg)

- footer <br />
![Screenshot](/app/src/main/resources/static/assets/screenshots_for_readme/screenshot_footer.jpg)


### Sign up/Sign in page:
- sign in <br />
![Screenshot](/app/src/main/resources/static/assets/screenshots_for_readme/screenshot_sign_in.jpg)

- sign up <br />
![Screenshot](/app/src/main/resources/static/assets/screenshots_for_readme/screenshot_sign_up.jpg)


### Responsive design:
- home page <br />
![Screenshot](/app/src/main/resources/static/assets/screenshots_for_readme/screenshot_responsive_home_page.jpg)

- sign in/up <br />
![Screenshot](/app/src/main/resources/static/assets/screenshots_for_readme/screenshot_responsive_registration_page.jpg)
